README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

# 😃 About Me:
I’m a passionate Data Engineer and Mechanical Engineer with an aptitude for transforming complex data into meaningful insights. From my Mechanical Engineering degree I developed many skills, but the two skills that I believe to be the most important out of all of those obtained from my degree are: critical thinking and problem solving. With a growing passion for AI, cloud computing, and data, I decided to transfer those skills to Data Engineering. Now, with a Professional Certificate in Data Engineering from MIT xPro, I’ve built real-world solutions ranging from real-time streaming with a containerized Kafka ecosystem to predictive modeling and secure web applications. I thrive on crafting scalable data pipelines, bringing meaningful insights from data, and harnessing the power of AI. I’m excited to explore innovative opportunities as a Data Analyst, Engineer, or Scientist, and collaborate on projects that drive impactful change.

# 💻 Tech Stack:
- **Languages**:   ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white)
 ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) 
- **Libraries/Frameworks**:   ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300000f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
- **Developer Tools**:   ![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 

# 🚀 Personal Projects:
- Model to Predict Housing Prices
- ETL, Analysis, and Visualization of MRTS Data
- Web Server App for Flight Data
- Books Web Application
- Transit Data Application
- Sensemaking Data Pipeline
- Streaming and Analyzing Live Data
- Real-Time IoT Data Streaming

# 🌱 I’m currently learning:
Pair programming with AI.

# 🤝 I’m looking to collaborate on:
Data Engineering, Science, or Analysis projects. Also, highly interested in Machine Learning and AI related projects.

# ⚡ Fun facts about me:
- Fluent in English and Spanish
- I have dual citizenship: Canadian and Colombian
- Have lived in 3 countries and visited over 26
- I did a 3-month intense and immersive leadership program in the back country side of Alaska (Sea Kayaking, Mountaineering, Backpacking)
- I enjoy talking about anything!

# 📫 How to reach me:
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicolas-pedrazab/">LinkedIn Profile</a>
- npedraza092002@gmail.com
- <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_qf4vN1TRsCthzAyqxW6ZR_lQ9ZyBQFo/view?usp=drive_link">Master CV</a>

Commit message:

Revise README with new role and skills
Updated personal introduction and tech stack details.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

# 😃 About Me:
I’m an Operations Systems Engineer / Data Engineer who builds automation, integrations, and data pipelines that make operations faster and more reliable. I use Python, SQL, Airflow, Docker, Flask, and n8n to connect systems, standardize data, and ship tools like dashboards, trackers, and APIs that drive measurable improvements. Bilingual (EN/ES) and always tinkering with AI + automation projects..

# 💻 Tech Stack:
- **Languages**:   ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white)
 ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) 
- **Libraries/Frameworks**:   ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300000f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
- **Developer Tools**:   ![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![GithubPages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 

# 🚀 Personal Projects:
- Model to Predict Housing Prices
- ETL, Analysis, and Visualization of MRTS Data
- Web Server App for Flight Data
- Books Web Application
- Transit Data Application
- Sensemaking Data Pipeline
- Streaming and Analyzing Live Data
- Real-Time IoT Data Streaming
- Order Process Automation with N8N

# 🌱 I’m currently learning:
Pair programming with AI.

# 🤝 I’m looking to collaborate on:
Data Engineering, Science, or Analysis projects. Also, highly interested in Machine Learning and AI related projects.

# ⚡ Fun facts about me:
- Fluent in English and Spanish
- I have dual citizenship: Canadian and Colombian
- Have lived in 3 countries and visited over 26
- I did a 3-month intense and immersive leadership program in the back country side of Alaska (Sea Kayaking, Mountaineering, Backpacking)
- I enjoy talking about anything!

# 📫 How to reach me:
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicolas-pedrazab/">LinkedIn Profile</a>
- npedraza092002@gmail.com
- <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_qf4vN1TRsCthzAyqxW6ZR_lQ9ZyBQFo/view?usp=drive_link">Master CV</a>
